main.py:

1. Tables are being created properly ✔
2. Table creation statements are not executed if table exists ✔
3. adminID successfully fetched from LogIn_Window if logs in, else program exits with code 0 ✔
4. mainGameV3.py is run with language if selected, or file name if selected, or program exits with code 0 ✔
5. ?

LogIn_Window.py:

1. Username for creation matches length requirement & informs user of failure to meet requirement ✔
2. Username for creation matches alphabetical/alphanumerical requirement & informs of failure to meet requirement ✔
3. Password for creation matches length requirement & informs user of failure to meet requirement ✔
4. Show Password button works ✔
5. Admin profile creation works & user is informed of successful creation ✔
6. Admin profile creation handles attempted creation with duplicate usernames and informs of error ✔
7. Admin profile creation handles missing values for username/password ✔
8. User informed of incorrect details for admin profile login ✔
9. User logs in successfully if correct details provided ✔
10. adminID successfully retrieved after admin profile login ✔
11. ?

HomeScreen_Window.py:

1. Player names retrievable from text entry boxes & updated into variable upon clicking "Enter" ✔
2. Language retrievable from dropdown menu & updated into variable upon clicking "Select" ✔
3. User informed of missing username ✔
4. In case "Select" isn't clicked for language, default language is used (English) & updated into variable ✔
5. User informed of username repetition ✔
6. Game window launches after "start new game" button is clicked ✔
7. Game filename retrievable from dropdown menu and updated into variable ✔
8. Default game filename value is retrieved if the user doesn't go through dropdown menu & selects a name ✔
9. Game window launches after "load game" button is clicked ✔
10. "View Rules" button works ✔
11. Ensure that EITHER filename is updated OR player names and language is updated ✔
12. ?

ViewRules_Window.py:

1. Window opens after button click ✔
2. Only one instance of the window opens ✔
3. Window opens each of the selections ✔
4. Open button will open the default value in the dropdown menu, even if the menu hasn't been interacted with ✔
5. After closing, window can be re-opened ✔
6. After closing, only one instance of the window can be opened ✔
7. Clicking the "view rules" button will focus the view rules window if it is already open ✔
8. ?

mainGameV3.py (ScrabbleItemTemplatesV2.py):





1. Ensure order is being determined properly
2. Ensure tile bag is shuffled properly
3. Ensure racks are filled properly at the beginning of the game
4. Ensure the turns are validated properly and follow the scrabble rules. Inform the user of an invalid play. Includes tile placement and passing.
5. Ensure board is being read properly to get all words (min. 2 chars, doesn't read from next row/column, splits words properly etc.)
6. Ensure timer is being decremented/swapped properly
7. Ensure scores are calculated and awarded properly
8. Ensure flags are updated properly
9. Ensure blank tiles are designated properly
10. Ensure tiles can be recalled properly if the player wishes to undo their move
11. Ensure tiles can be recalled properly if the play is invalid
12. Ensure tiles can be selected and placed on the board properly
13. Ensure correct player racks and name are shown
14. Ensure both racks and names are shown when the game is over
15. Ensure premium squares are shown and labelled properly
16. Ensure game is over under correct conditions and end-game actions are triggered
17. Ensure file name is correctly inputted
18. Ensure game record is created after rack filling
19. Ensure moves are logged properly and at the right time
20. Ensure correct player IDs are fetched
21. Ensure game is loaded in properly, including flags (should force pause after loading to prevent time loss during loading of the game)
22. Ensure gameID is fetched properly, whether creating new record or loading in game file
23. Ensure the file name and admin password are fetched and handled properly
24. Inform user of errors regarding input of file name and admin password (need to put ctkmessagebox for invalid administrator password)
25. Ensure player swapping is done correctly, and only occurs if required
26. Ensure exchanging of tiles is handled properly
27. Ensure post-game scores and penalties are calculated and awarded properly